Hi
In this video I show you how to do it
with less than 20 euros a saddle pad
can design yourself that is the
finished saddlebag has made tight
I advise you against the Schabracken
to take himself the unfavorable fooled
can link new returns or interfere
In addition, you get mixed baking from ten
euro on ebay or any
sent
That's what my saddleback looked like before
have them there at 416 euros for triggers
and now I'll show you what I mean
created own saddle pad
Step 1 What a powerful language
I have decided for it
that I have a bordeaux colored
Saddlebag wants to have a white one
and golden cord and the logo do
I also golden step two peck
we need a saddle cloth
which we want to stick for our logo
the decorative cords and fleeces line
two-sided the drawstring should be at least
be three meters long and the fabrics so
big as your logo should be
with the other objects we
I'm assuming that
Every household at home has it all
Items except this question got
in every nails or on the internet
Step 3
Preparing the saddlebag if
your saddlebag has animal cords on it
Can you do this if you like the color
Do not remove it
I'm lucky enough to have one of the four
I like to draw the color
and that's why I'm removing
only the peephole
let's get to step 4
in step 1 we have already
thought about it like our logo
should look like
Here are some examples for
please be careful that you
cut out with scissors at any time
can and that they are not too complicated
are
I designed my logo myself if
you are interested in how I did that
have me write a comment
and maybe I'll do a video then
for you how to own a logo
create
if you chose a logo
you just have to print it out
The logo should not be too big
otherwise it could leaf from the saddle
to be covered is the logo
We come to the step 5 we printed
take our logo put it on ours
fabric and cut out the outlines
this is better a little too much
as too little substance
and now comes our tile line
two-sided for use
In case you are not sure we know this
line should just ask in
your negative after i could do this
line before that, of course, crop that
It's a lot easier than me
did it and then you take yours
iron and iron the whole
tidy but watch out for that
not unconnected whole important is that
put your iron on level 2
then take your logo back to hand
and cut that with about one
centimeter edge off
then you grab the widest
transparent tape what we find
can and sticks to the whole thing
and now we come to the hardest
part of the whole story
cutting it out like I did before
said put very strong
which logo you have my logo is already
pretty hard so I have to go all the way
Lettering with a thick scissors
cut out
It did work but it did
took a long time and if i had one
error would have done, I would have times
have to start from the beginning
when you're done with the cut
are removed her from both sides, the
slides and puts the logo exactly the same way
as want ironing later on
give yourself to lie down especially
trouble because there is no more
possibility more around the logo on any
to change a fashion style
because we will open the picture right away
iron
Now we take our iron again
often set it 2 and consider it for
A maximum of 80 customers on the saddle pad and
Press properly to please no longer
because otherwise you have states logo and
burn spot and thus is step five
ended our logo is churned and
ready and then we come already
for our last step that
take up the cords as already said
I'm lucky that a cord
On it is that means I just have to
still accept the golden cord
this can be done either by hand or with
make the sewing machine
originally i wanted it with the
make sewing machine
but that has just when I start
wanted to give up the ghost
So I've done it by hand
that you draw properly because
if you are not properly booming because
the cord may be the cord
is too loose and thereby falls because
it by hand then a bit
takes longer than with the sewing machine
By the way, I have a movie
do not let it run that way
boring that
and when you're done with it you have
your own self created saddle pad
and now it's your turn to be creative and
make your own shadow and me
I would be very happy if you give me one
few pictures by e-mail or facebook
would send
and if you have ideas for improvement
always with it in the comment box
Thanks for watching and until the
next time at rider tutorials